fix branch name for example link (#2910)
otter-sec/anchor: docs/src/pages/release-notes/0.30.0.md

`program_name` is based on the file name of the IDL in `idls` directory, e.g. `idls/program_name.json` is required to exist in order for the above example to work.

> This works for both on-chain (CPI) and off-chain (RPC) usage, allowing program interactions without creating a [dependency hell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_hell). Check out [this](https://github.com/coral-xyz/anchor/blob/master/tests/declare-program/programs/declare-program/src/lib.rs) example for on-chain CPI usage.

Reviewer: This should use the `v0.30.0` tag so that it doesn't break in the future.

```suggestion
This works for both on-chain (CPI) and off-chain (RPC) usage, allowing program interactions without creating a [dependency hell](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dependency_hell). Check out [this](https://github.com/coral-xyz/anchor/blob/v0.30.0/tests/declare-program/programs/declare-program/src/lib.rs) example for on-chain CPI usage.
```
